Add DevOps, CI/CD, and performance optimization instructions (#58)
github/awesome-copilot: instructions/github-actions-ci-cd-best-practices.instructions.md

---

> applyTo: ["*"]

Author: Done

> description: "Comprehensive guide for building robust, secure, and efficient CI/CD pipelines using GitHub Actions. Covers workflow structure, jobs, steps, environment variables, secret management, caching, matrix strategies, testing, and deployment strategies."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Comprehensive guide for building robust, secure, and efficient CI/CD pipelines using GitHub Actions. Covers workflow structure, jobs, steps, environment variables, secret management, caching, matrix strategies, testing, and deployment strategies.'
```
